1.	Briefly explain the logic for generating the base map.
	Answer
	We're evaluating Earthquake data from the US Geological Survey with data from across the globe. A world map is what we started with because the data we plan to populate is global in nature.
	The center of the map was set at a Lattitute of 40.7, Longitude of -94.5 which is 

2.	Describe how the JSON was loaded and how was the data traversed. Explain how was the information from the JSON used to render data on the map.
	Answer
	An AJAX call is made to acess the earthquake geoJSON data from the USGS.
	For each quake in the listing, we pull the magnitude by traversing through the following path (feature.properties.mag)
	There are two functions that use this information. Their names are styleInfo., getColor and getRadius

3.	Explain the logic for generating the circles and amending the size of them. What does this communicate?
	Answer
	The script usese the magnitude to determine the radius of each circle. If the magnitude is equal to and of the same type as the number 0, nothing happens.
	For every results greater than 0, the readius of each circle is calculated as the magnitude * 4. I think this multiplier is used to make each marker visibile on the map.

4.	Describe how the layer for the Tectonic plates was generated.
	Answer
	Two variables are created to show the tectonic plates and the earthquakes.
	A call is made to AJAX to pull the coordinates for the plates. The data is formatted in GeoJson. We feed the data into a function and plot it as an orange line showing the location of the tectonic plates.

	 
5.	What are the components in the layer control? How were they generated? 
	Answer
	The components are the basemaps and overlays.

	The variable basemaps contains 3 map choices - satellites, grayscale and outdoors. These are map templates that were pulled from Mapbox


6.	Explain the difference between the base map (tile layer) and the data layer(s).
	Answer
	Base Maps are template where a redering of the map is located. The Base maps are constant. They do not change.
	The tile layers are generated based on data that changes. We see visualizations based on this data that is shown on top of the map.
	The combined view of the Base Map + Tile layer shows the location of earthquakes with the option of seeing the tectonic plates on a map of the globe.

7.	Walk through the logic of how the legend was generated and rendered on the page.
	Answer
	A variable called legend is created and placed in the bottom right postion on the map.
	A div or place for the legend was created in the logic and added details using "info legend". A control function is called in the css to loop through intervals and generate a label with a colored square for each interval. 
	Then grades and color vars are created. From there we loop through the intervals and generate a label with a colored square for each interval by pulling in the grades and color vars.
	